Release 1.0.1 (#101)
grafana/athena-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.0.1

> Fixes a bug preventing from creating several data sources of the plugin in the same instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug that caused several instances of the plugin to accidentally connect to the same instance.
```
